Fix typos (#146)
debian-cryptoanarchy/cryptoanarchy-deb-repo-builder: docs/security/faq.md

Groups are also used for controlling access.
This is very flexible as you can give any user/service access to more things by adding them to appropriate group.

> ## Aren't users insecure? What are the limitation of this design?

Reviewer: "unsecure" is correct term here as in non-secured. "insecure" is property of a person who is not confident about themselves.

Author: ```suggestion
## Aren't users unsecure? What are the limitation of this design?
```

This project mitigates these issues by:

> * Automating creation of file-system items and setting proper permissions by default. This removes the possibility of mistakes.

Reviewer: "filesystem" is term usually used by programmers. using hyphen doesn't feel right. I believe I've seen it with space somewhere.

Author: ```suggestion
* Automating creation of filesystem items and setting proper permissions by default. This removes the possibility of mistakes.
```
